(This title is Illusion Mayhem. The 3rd story in your brain that revolves around a man that is send to a world identical
to one of his visual novels. Followed by becoming a very well known criminal.)

     "I told you before. Don't be disillusioned. Have you truly no trust in yourself?"
	 
	 "..."
	 
	 A voice echoes in my head. My vision is surrounded by nothing but darkness. All my senses have been nulled. This
	 mysterious voice is the only thing I'm perceiving.
	 
	 "You must not forget this time. This is your last chance."
	 
	 I listen quietly as the voice speaks to me. I respond curtly.
	 
	 "I know...!"
	 
	 "If that is so, prove it to me with actions. Off you go, the last task awaits you."
	 
	 My vision is slowly swallowed by a warm light. It used to feel relaxing as it swallowed my whole body.
	 However, I've seen it a multitude of times that that that warm relaxing was no more. The thought of this being 
	 my last chance hangs in my head so much that that relaxation became anxiety.
	 
	 This is my last chance... I can't mess this up!
	 
	 The earlier voice echoes in my head once more. The more the light consumes me, the more distant I perceive the voice.
	 
	 "Do not forget. Remember. Do not be disillusioned... I believe in you."
	 
	 The light completely consumes me and the voice disappears from my head. Slowly, the warm light envelopes me.
	 
	 Time passed by. Without sound. Without sight. Without touch. As I slowly come to and open my eyes, I hear a rhythmic
     tune playing in my ears. My vision brightens and I see my computer's monitor displaying the title screen of the visual
	 novel I was playing all night long.
     
     "Oh... I crashed."	

	 My head was resting on the hard wood of my desk. Despite having my bed right beside me I still managed to fall asleep
	 on my desk.
	 
	 "Well, Hazuki's route was incredibly good so I have no regrets! But damn... that was the last route. Nnn~~ KuroKu's
	 games are sooo great I can't get enough of them!"
	 
	 I felt incredibly fulfilled as I completed KuroKu's latest game. KuroKu. They are a visual novel development company
	 that is well known for their amazing story lines and eye-catching heroines.
	 
	 "KuroKu forever--Whoa, whoa, whaaa!!!"
	 
	 I raised my arms in the air and tossed myself back so hard that my chair loses its balance and falls backwards.
	 Unfortunately, I raised my legs in my cheer and by the time I realized i was falling it was already too late
	 and the inevitable happened.
	 
	 CRASHHH!!
	 
	 "Uuu... That hurt..."
	 
	 Do not be disillusioned.
	 
	 "Huh? What was that?"
	 
	 A faint voice echoed in my head. It sounded very familar. But when I try to remember...
	 
	 "...It must've been that weird dream earlier. What was it about again...?"
	 
	 I try my hardest to remember, but all I could draw up were blanks.
	 
	 "Gah! Whatever. It's not like it even matters. I guess I'll do my daily log-in's."
	 
	 I put aside the thought in my head and continue on with my daily life. But why... why do I have this itching
	 feeling to remember that dream...?