魂情 - kon*jou(soul*feelings)[last]             涼生 - ryo*sei(nice*life)[given]            魂情 涼生 - konjou ryosei
愉興 - yu*kou(*interest)[last]                  専居 - sen*kyo(special*exist)[given]		    愉興 専居 - yukou senkyo
	 Konjou Ryosei
		 His parents died at a young age. But before they died they taught his sword techniques that have been
		 passed down generation to generation. He had unusually good memory and even though he didn't care about 
		 the techniques at that time he still remembered all of them. A year after his parents died, he got into
		 anime, manga, etc. and for some reason got interested in learning the sword so he recited the techniques
		 his parents taught him and polished them and evolved them.
		 
		 He is a spirit living inside the body of Yukou Senkyo. He died from a car accident while saving a little 
		 girl(Heroine) from a out of control white truck. He became a wandering spirit and blindly floated in 
		 the dark, until 6 years later he found a certain highschool student, Yukou Senkyo, and lived in his body.
		 
		 He died at 16 years old meaning he died the same age as Senkyo. Despite training the sword and keeping up
		 with his hobbies he didn't have trouble with studies because he is actually smart.
	 Yukou Senkyo
		 A highschool student with a normal life. He has friends in school despite being an otaku, though some 
		 still don't like him. He lives alone. His father died when he was little and he never met his mom.
		 His father was friendly to him and acted like they were best buds. He taught him how to look after
		 himself and some "words of encouragement" that would help him when he really needs it. Those "words
		 of encouragement" were actually spells to release his skills and one of them "___" summons a familiar
		 that once was his father's.
		 
		 He is being possessed by a spirit that calls himself Konjou Ryosei and had him wander all the way to the
		 mountains at ____ to retrieve a katana with a black sheath with a red accent. Ryosei talks to Senkyo in
		 his dreams and has a physical appearance. He met Ryosei in his dreams and had this sudden feeling of 
		 weightlessness as Ryosei first possessed his body to fight an evil spirit that attacked him.
		 
	 
秘小 - hi*sho(secret*small)[last]                    優 - yuu(tenderness)[given] 				秘小 優 - hisho yuu 		  	
勇低 - yuu*tei(courage*short)[last]		     快海 - yu*kai(salvation*cheerful)[given]	                勇低 快海 - yutei yukai
	 Hisho Yuu
		 Hisho Yuu is a shy student of ___. She is a kohai of Yukou Senkyo and she tends to hide from him whenever
		 she sees him. She always wears a jacket and has some of her hair tied to the side. She never makes contact
		 with Senkyo but always secretly observes him from afar. One day, she was about to be attacked by an evil spirit
		 but then Senkyo saves her as he defeats it with a katana.
		 
		 She is secretly a vampire, a kind of demon, but unlike demons she feeds on blood instead of souls. She ended up
		 in the human realm as she was trying to escape the demon realm as the other demons eradicated her whole species 
		 because of the "Demon Rulers."
		 
		 She now tries to live peacefully in the human realm and drinks blood from animals. But she can still eat other
		 kinds of human food like meat but it has no taste to her, and human blood still tastes the best for her.
	 Yutei Yukai
		 A classmate of Yukou Senkyo. She is the class idol. She is very cheerful and has a lot of friends. She has talked
		 to Senkyo before but not enough to be called friends. 
		 
		 She has financial struggles because her mom is sick with an unknown illness(curse) and is only being kept alive
		 by the modern machinery of the hospital. Her dad died on her 3 years ago but he never liked him because he was 
		 useless and a drunkard. Her dad would abuse them as her mom protected her. Her mom wore a circular charm that had
		 a sheathed katana engraved in it(Ryosei's katana). Her dad came back home one night and tried to take her mom's 
		 charm away from her but then got a heart attack and died. 5 months after that her mother fell into an unknown
		 illness(Father's evil spirit cursed her). While on the hospital bed her mother gave her the charm and said it 
		 would protect her if she were ever in trouble.
		 
		 She had an accident happen to her when she was 10 years old when a highschool student(16yrsold) named 
		 Konjou Ryousei died pushing her away from a out of control truck.
		 
		 
本条 - hon*jou(book*article)[last]					緊侶 - kin*ro(reliable*companion)[given] 			本条 緊侶 - honjou kinro
	 Honjou Kinro
		 Is the best friend of Yukou Senkyo. He is a athlete and plays soccer/football. Despite Senkyo being an otaku
		 they are still friends because he has an open mind. He is good looking and has girls screaming for him when he
		 plays. He is a good and reliable friend. They met in middle school and Kinro borrows light novels from Senkyo.
	
本精 - hon*shou(book*refined) 学校 - gakkou(academy) 

鈴木 - Suzuki	       竜司 - Ryuuji	    鈴木 竜司 - Suzuki Ryuuji
鈴木 - Suzuki          光鞠 - Himari        鈴木 光鞠  - Suzuki Himari
伊藤 - Ito             倖良 - Sara          伊藤 倖良  - Ito Sara 
佐藤 - Sato            亜奥以 - Aoi         佐藤 亜奥以 - Sato Aoi

山本 - Yamamoto        壮良 - Sora         山本 壮良 - Yamamoto Sora
斉藤 - Saito           刀万 - Touma        斉藤 刀万 - Saito Touma

渡辺 - Watanabe        一來 - Itsuki        渡辺 一來 - Watanabe Itsuki
田中 - Tanaka		   俐虎 - Riku         田中 俐虎 - Tanaka Riku
渡辺 - Watanabe        一千花 - Ichika      渡辺 一千花 - Watanabe Ichika

魂情 - Konjou           陽介 - Yousuke      魂情 陽介 - Konjou Yousuke
魂情 - Konjou           麗子 - Reiko        魂情 麗子 - Konjou Reiko
愉興 - Yukou            優斗 - Yuuto        愉興 優斗 - Yukou Yuuto
第   - Dai              山崎 - Yamazaki     第 山崎 - Dai Yamazaki
楓   - Kaede            魂情 - Konjou       楓 魂情 - Kaede Konjou
桜井 - Sakurai		   康介 - Kosuke        桜井 康介 - Sakurai Kosuke
樋口 - Higuchi   	   大輝 - Daiki		   樋口 大輝 - Higuchi Daiki
清水 - Shimizu		   好子 - Yoshiko       清水 好子 - Shimizu Yoshiko
勇低 - Yutei 		   由利子 - Yuriko      勇低 由利子 - Yutei Yuriko

蝶香 - Chouka


力侃 - riki*kan(power*peace) gen(rigidity)             厳 - gen(rigidity)                     力侃 厳 - Rikikan Gen (Akuge Riki-アクゲ　リキ)

This is my dad’s bag, he always had it with him. He asked me if I wanted to train but I refused.

Senkyo unseals his mana in a desperate fight and uses it
Yuu's secret is that she is told to find the human mana wielder to defeat the demon king
Senkyo has a sealed soul in him. It's first appearance when he is about to defeated by a demon.
Yukai follows Senkyo after school out of worry for him and they meet a demon

End of vol 1 - they fight the supernatural organization named ____ lead by an S-class evil spirit that has
made other demons their subordinates. They first mistake it to be END but in epiogue it will be explained that
that group was not END
Yuu is not aware of other supernatural organizations other than END
Yuu is looking for a human mana user

Her divine soul. That was what Yuu told us the demons were after. A divine soul is a soul that has incredible power that matches the of the gods. Beings with a divine soul are called Angels, and they receive the divine soul from birth. They have a crest-like birth mark on them that shows that they have a divine soul and what kind. Every mark is different, there is not one of the same kind of divine soul. They can draw the power of their divine soul and use it to do anything within the soul’s limit.
An Angel can’t just draw power from their soul. Their soul must first recognize them as a worthy wielder of their power. Imagine a locked gate, unless the keeper of the gate recognizes you and let you through the gate, you won’t be able to use the power within the divine soul. Because every divine soul is unique, there is no definite way of being recognized.
But even given their incredible power, the souls have limits. Those are dependent on what kind of divine soul you have. Yuu has the ‘Divine Soul of the Flame,’ if she gets recognized by the gate keeper, she will be able to draw out incredible power that can scorch the world in a sea of burning flame, but she can never do anything else that her divine soul can’t. For example, Yuu can scorch the lands with fire, but she can never control the lands or bring water to her will.

A Spectral is an object that can store mana in it.
	 
at some point, ryosei will be able to manifest a temporary body in the real world and Senkyo and Yukai
will be the only one to be able to touch him physically because they connected souls.

chapter 4 - strengthening chapter
chapter 5 - ichika gets kidnapped by spirits

Itsuki might be an Angel

There were three different kinds of demons. 
Those with wings and tails were armed with bows, 
those with small horns and buffed arms were armed with short swords and shields, and 
those with goat legs were armed with spears.

“O Earth, heed my call, bend to my will, let the power that runs through my veins crystallize my desire, 
trample the earth beneath me and create thorns of protection. Earth Magic, Defensive Spikes!”

after finishing either reread and edit or go to explanations and rewrite them. For example, introducing spiritual objects and divine souls.
A being with a divine soul, or commonly known as, Angels. They have unique crests engraved in their body from birth as a sign of them having a divine soul.

Magic can be shortened and can be cast without chants, but Yuu only learns this after training with a magician of
the Konjou Clan in vol.2

Evil spirits let out a dark aura that comes from whatever negative emotions are keeping it tied up with the living realm.

Make grim reaper wear a mask

“Release 8th level seal… Summon familiar: Shiro… I am a master worthy of my soul. Unleash my power to the world of the living and show them the wrath of the dead and the non-existent. Open the gates and heed my call, soul that resides within me, Divine Soul of the Spirits!”
Personal techniques
Spiritual energy 
Vessel
specific text
Enhancers
Talismans
Spectral
spirit lantern

Yukou Senkyo is a student of Honshou Academy. He is also an otaku. He never studies at home but still manages to get average grades due to his  unbelievable ability to listen and remember everything in class. His normal days of going to school and using his free time for his hobbies were cut short when he gets mixed up in what could have been an accident  and meets a spirit called Konjou Ryosei.

Senkyo discovers the existence of spirits, demons, and many other fantasy-like and supernatural stuff and continues to live his daily life with another spirit inside him. Senkyo's mind is filled with mountains of questions but has no one to answer them. What will happen to Senkyo now as he lives a new life filled with fantasy and the supernatural?

At some point Yuu will not be able to use her house/apartment because of something, maybe a battle, and will live with Senkyo

Give someone that can control their power using smartphones.

Nemi
Nils
Miracle Beasts
The Water of the Gods