Souls of the dead are usually reincarnated immediately, but there are also times where their soul
unconsciously refuses to reincarnate due to a strong emotion or unfulfilled desire.

That being, a god

Revenant. It gives the spirited soul the ability to manifest their form in their previous life. 
Unlike visiting, it fully manifests an identical copy of what they looked like from when they were 
alive and has a great increase in its limitations. Aside from those, the spirited souls are still only 
able to manifest in the world they previously died in and are unable to make contact with physical objects.

“Ka. It is the state a spirit. Rampaging spirits are ones that lost control over themselves due to 
negative emotions. I believe you humans call them evil spirits. Although you humans are too frightened by 
them that you immediately resolve to killing them. How barbaric.”     soothing magic 

“Ka. Gods, huh? It is true that they are superior beings, but they are by no means the highest. 
For something as ‘the highest being’ does not exist. It was demonstrated by this world’s god, Hades. 
He confronted the titans, who are said to be a higher being than gods, by himself and managed to prevail 
against them.”

To glimpse, simply imagine what your current surroundings appear like in the world you wish to glimpse at. 
It doesn’t have to be accurate; it will still work.

Since latest revision:

The origin of Kuro Yaiba (Vol1 page 39)

Evil spirits are souls that refuse to die. Right before they die, 
they release an excessive amount of negative emotions that they are 
swallowed by the them and become spirits that cause trouble wherever they were. (Vol1 page 40)

Demons are living beings from another world called Zerid. Unlike fantasy stories, 
they don't eat humans for their flesh. Demons eat souls. (Vol1 page 40)

It is said that rifts appear because our world has a direct connection to Zerid. 
Meaning, portals to Zerid occasionally appear at random, and demons cross through them and eat souls. (Vol1 page 40)

"Well, I guess I can just hope that something happens that makes you tell me the truth then."
"...I hope that doesn't happen..." (Vol1 page 89) [Foreshadowing]

"What? Bending the dream world to your liking isn't possible? Don't make me laugh! You call yourself a sleep demon 
and can't even make things like that happen in a dream?" (Vol1 page 112) - it was because of spirit power

"We-Well... That was because it was Yukou-senpai's fault! He suddenly brought it up like that and I wasn't mentally 
prepared yet!" (Vol1 page 125)

"Is it me or is your stamina increasing a bit too quick?"
"Maybe it's a side effect of having your energy forcefully recovered every single time..." (Vol1 page 172)
