Senkyo tried to push her off but her strengthened vampire hold was too heavy.

He heard movement and rhythmic humming with a nice melody coming from the kitchen

"Oh, well that's because nothing is obstructing my senses. Unlike sensing whether someone has mana or not, 
sensing flows or traces of mana in the air is like seeing ripples in the air. But when mana is inside something 
like a person or an object, we need to do something else to sense them because their body is obstructing the mana flow. 
Like I said before, only some species in our world can even sense mana, and because mana mixes with the blood, 
we can sense mana flows in them."

"Are you actually this egotistical? Do you really think beating me will prove you can fight demons?!"

She couldn't do anything to help, she could only cast offensive magic she didn't know any supportive magic since she was never taught

"Watanabe-san, I just want you to know that raw power isn't the peak of anyone's strength. Everyone has their own, 
and if you polish it, you'll grow stronger. And if you fight for someone else, you'll get even stronger. At least, that's 
what I believe in."

Earth Magic, Defensive Spikes!"
Shadow Magic

"Why the hell does a beast have a knight’s honor? Also wasn’t it just trying to assassinate us earlier at the forest?"

I feel bad. An anomaly like you shouldn’t exist, and neither should I. Given great power but with an even greater consequence. 

Naturally, the evil spirit attacked him, but for some reason, it didn't work on him. He put his hand on the spirit and somehow managed to touch it. The spirit was confused as to what the man was doing.

He knew that was what Fulgur was after all along. Unfortunately for Fulgur, Senkyo wasn't so easy to control.

IF YOU DON'T WANT TO JOIN ME, I'LL JUST FORCE YOU! I'LL BRING YOU TO OTOU-SAMA ALONG WITH THAT VAMPIRE!! 

You’ve done nothing but waste your whole life! Your talent! THIS IS THE TIME TO MAKE USE OF IT! YOF YOUR PATHERIC LIFE!!

"Get a grip! I know there's a lot of enemies but Leo (レオ) and I will take care of it!"

The sky was colored with blood red. There wasn't any kind of weather or phenomenon that happened on earth that made the sky color in this shade of red. The land they were at looked nothing like any place in earth that he knew. Grasslands stretched out into the horizon. The grass was colored in blue, like it was frozen in thin ice. Yet it still flowed as the strong winds went by.

I want you to live a normal life."

YOU’RE NOTHING LIKE OTOU-SAMA DESCRIBED!!"

After wracking his brain, Senkyo theorized that he "refreshed" the copy of his memories inside Ryosei. 

When you use a spectral, the mana affects the amount of spirit power you can use. At most, you can enchant a single item or transfer between the Spirit Realm and back! Everyone knows that!"
     "Don't worry and trust me on this one!"

Repay debts, extinguish regrets, and protect everything at the cost of my life

*“It didn’t happen here, but some place similar. Inside a forest like this, standing against a tree like this, with a frightening growling like this, and finding a convenient rock on the ground like this… is where it all started.”*