Zerid Calendar

Spirit Zones are usually a protective barrier against foreign lands
	-Unconcious spirits use them prepetually
	-Concious spirits can activate them on command
		-Zerid culture, when a spirit zone appeares, they bless the soul (or somethin like that)

Vara - Ieroask that attacked Yukai
     - Ryosei was able to control Yukai's dream because his soul was connected with her

Yukou Yuuto Quotes
	'If they can be reasoned with, they aren't that dangerous!' 

Ryosei stood up and headed to Senkyo's room. Yuu followed behind albeit confused. 
When Ryosei entered the room, he sat on the bed and unbuttoned his uniform.

As Senkyo looked over Yuu, he felt a bit tired but tried to fight off his sleepiness to watch over his patient, 
but for some reason, he felt unusually drowsy and nodded off himself.

"Seriously, senpai... You can't be this trusting..."
She remembered the conversation they had the other day. Senkyo showed Yuu his full trust. 
He had a laid-back attitude around her and even told her that she wasn't bad. 
She got off the bed and put the blanket around Senkyo. 
She looked at him while he was sleeping and let her thoughts spill out of her head.
"You... really are something else, hehe..."
	<Yuu took an interest in Senkyo because he is caring, honest, and easily loved by others, the complete opposite of
	what she though of herself as well as her ideal personality.>

Fulgur calling Senkyo his little brother
Fulfur calling Senkyo not human

Senkyo, Yuu, and Itsuki were sent to the spirit realm for the first time due to a creature that manages 
the Spirit Realm on the 6th hero's orders

Dai & Kosuke Arc
	“…Of course not! If that were the case, then this would not have happened in the first place! Listen, Yamazaki! This is what our job is. Even if you are the strongest, there will be times like this when a situation is out of your control. We have to accept the result and continue moving. Training is not a surefire way to guarantee everyone’s protection, it's something that we do to reduce the possibility of these outcomes and walk away with the right to say that we did all we could! Do not use this experience to lose your will to stop! You will only sully the souls we have lost! Use it to move forward!”

Touma Arc
	Neither Senkyo nor Ryosei told me, but I felt it. The power that gave birth to soul and merged mine with it. With that power, I have know doubt that they can revert the process. But the problem comes after that, with the curse at its peak power, it would simply consume me again. Because of that, I need to find a cure to stop it from happening. Senkyo gave me a chance. If he didn't cure me immediately, then that meant that they didn't have the power to do so. That is how much trust I'm willing to give my savior. The path has been set for me. Once I find a cure for a dehin's curse at full power, I will be able to live like normal again.

Attempted usurption of the Laxid Kingdom was END's first attempt at taking over. Maybe?

The Emperor made it so that every town near Uikakrn and Ridsikrn's border city knew of the name Yukou Senkyo. 

Garin's mother was kidnapped by a group (END but no one knew yet) when Garin was still a baby