     Long before the times Zerid was first discovered by humans, there were three gods: Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades. They were brothers that ruled over a single planet called Primo. The planet had everything that the three gods desired for their ideal world. However, fights between the brothers happened more often than not, because of the other’s creations being incompatible with their desired world.
     A single planet could not contain the three gods’ ideals. Many species would go extinct faster than they could be born, every creature living and dead killed each other without a single thought. Nothing was progressing or evolving, there was no balance and everything was in utter chaos. The situation became dreadful. So the gods found a way to obtain balance.
     With the three brothers’ combined power, they forcefully separated Primo into three different worlds: Zerid, Earth, and Spirit Realm. Zeus ruled over the world Zerid, Poseidon ruled over Earth, and Hades ruled over the spirit world. With one god ruling a single world, they were able to obtain balance. Species of each world were finally able to grow and live as they should.
     Although separate, they were still once a single world. As time passed, dimensional rifts began appearing in the three worlds that transported them to one of the other worlds. The gods temporarily fixed the rifts using their power, but did not completely fix it. The gods refused to fix the problem until a tear so big appeared that the gods did not have enough power to fix it. 
     Their ignorance led to another disaster and they became unable to prevent world-crossing. Humans were sent to Zerid where the technology was old and filled with dangerous creatures waiting to feast on them. Creatures of Zerid were sent to Earth where they were identified as beasts, demons, or witches and were hunted down. And spirits were appeared in both worlds where they were disintegrated or used.
     Because of yet another mistake, many more suffered and died. The gods decided that instead of patching up the rift, it was better to connect the worlds together. The souls of lifeforms that died on Earth and Zerid were sent to the Spirit Realm where they could choose to reincarnate or spend their lives as a spirit. Meanwhile, both Earth and Zerid sent their people to make contact with the other’s worlds.
     A total of five humans travelled to Zerid. At first, they were unwelcome and were often attacked but with the help of the other Zeldians, they were slowly accepted. Each hero took a portion of Zerid, taught the locals, advanced their technology, and gave peace to their lands. Soon enough, the unwelcome guests were praised and were called “Heroes.”
     On Earth’s side, the Zeldians were encountered the same problem. The same species of the demons and witches they hunted in the past were saying that they wanted peace. The humans looked down on them, but that image was quickly shattered by introducing magic. Although Earth contained a small amount of mana compared to Zerid, mana was still there. 
     With the help of famous figures of earth and the Zeldians’ enticing offer to teach magic, the humans finally gave in and the Zeldians left their mark on Earth by teaching them magic and providing them items obtainable only in Zerid unlocking a whole new area to learn. Eventually, the beasts that they hunted and despised were called “Champions”
     Both Earth and Zerid lived in harmony, connected to each other’s world. The three worlds were at peace until that fateful day arrived. The skies of Zerid were wrapped in darkness and the everyone’s minds were attacked with excruciating pain. Everyone was in the same condition for as long as a minute. After that minute passed, the pain disappeared and the skies returned to their normal color.
     Every single person was left confused. Something unusual happened but with no lasting effect. At the time, almost everyone brushed the incident off like it was nothing. Everyone thought nothing changed, until the heroes made their return to earth.
     When the heroes returned, Earth had completely changed. Instead of seeing magical shops that usually crowed the streets and Zeldians walking around, the humans minded their own business walking around in a town without magic. It was like the coexistence never happened at all. Furthermore, the champions that were supposed to await the Heroes’ return were nowhere to be found.
     When the heroes asked around, everyone thought they were crazy and were mistaken for disciples of witches or devils. It didn’t take long until they discovered that Earth’s history changed and it was made so that the coexistence with Zerid never happened. The heroes were hunted down by their own kind. With nowhere to go to, they returned to Zerid and made their stay permanent. From that day, no more heroes appeared.
