Prologue
	-
Chapter 1: Senkyo's Training
	-Introduce Shiro and other Konjou clan characters
	-Senkyo trains with the Konjou clan and enhances his sword skills and is able to use talismans
Chapter 2: The Spirit Realm
	-Ryosei separates from Senkyo to explore the Spirit Realm
	-Meets other spectrals and they teach Ryosei how to roam the spirit realm
	-Successfully manifests a temprary physical/spectral body and meets Yukai
Chapter 3:
	-Ryosei meets Yukai on a shopping trip in his temporary physical/spectral body
	-Ryosei accompanies Yukai and protects her from other guys
	-progress their relationship
Chapter 4: Resolve
	-Start in school with Touma and Sora
	-They go on an extermination mission sent by the Konjou clan and introduce Itsuki being a member(newbie)
	-They fight a demon sent to scout and check on what happened to Fulgur
Chapter 5:
	-With the demon scout having yet to return, The Water Leader, Aqua(or maybe the earth?), sends a group of elite demons(maybe a demon able to create spikes from its body) to deal with the problem
	-Senkyo's group talk about the scout Sora and the others fought last time, causing them to stay until it was almost night
	-Encounter: On their way home, at night, Yuu senses the demons
	-Senkyo, Ryosei, Yuu, Sora, Touma, and Itsuki fight them
Chapter ???:
	-Senkyo goes out to town to shop for food and other essentials. Along the way, he stops at a book store to buy the
new issue of the manga he was reading. There, he comes across a small child in traditional clothing looking at same manga he was going for.	
Epilogue
	-
	
	
Konjou Clan battle uniform
	-Cloaks are usually worn by spell casters or long range units like snipers
	-It is a
	
“SUMMON… FAMILIAR: … SHIRO!!”
     Ripples of blue light surrounded Senkyo. His wounds began to heal, his skin changing back to its normal color,
	 the small fire that started in Senkyo’s shirt went out. It was as if something was protecting him.

	
	
huge hallway with pillars
teleporting circles as elevators

anime
tardiness

This chapter, Ryosei has to earn the Konjou Clan's recognition of him being the weilder of Kuro Yaiba. 
Along the way, Senkyo and the others will meet *the new characters* Some being on their side and some not.
The important part is they will meet the princess of the Konjou clan (Konjou Yousuke's daughter) She will secretly
like anime and such which is banned in their clan. Senkyo will meet her in a manga shop after school. She will be the key
to winning over the Konjou Clan. And after acquiring their recognition, Senkyo will finally be trained by the Konjou Clan's
strongest member. 

Shiro:
	 Lives in the other world. She lives in a small village called ___, where her and her kind live in peace and harmony. Her kind,
	 the Nemi, an incredibly rare kind of beastman, lives by absorbing the energy and nutrients they find in liquid. Her kind is in the
	 brink of extinction, because of the special ability they posses. Their kind, if provided with the requirements, can turn water
	 into an incredibly powerful substance which could even be enhanced. 
	 
	 The water Nemi absorb naturally transforms the water into a more
	 purified substance called ____. The glowing water Senkyo saw back in the Konjou Clan's castle and the lake in front if him right now
	 was the substance Shiro was telling Senkyo, ___. And Shiro's kind, Nemi, can turn the purified water, ___, into a potion that can heal
	 even the most fatal wounds in only a few seconds and even heal all illnesses.  But that wasn't all it could do, in a certain amount of time it could even enhance
	 one's abilities tenfold, but at the end of that time limit, the user's body will be left with an intense pain depending on how much
	 the user strained his body, if they didn't strain their body, they they will feel no pain. They called it, God's Tears.
	 
	 Other species in that world knew of their power and those who greeded for power sent hunters to capture Nemis to use their abilities for their personal gain.
	 One of the villages they invaded was Shiro's village, Shiro's parents hid Shiro away, luckily for Shiro, she was never found. The next few days, Shiro was left
	 alone in the village with burnt houses everywhere. And eventually, Senkyo's father will fins Shiro and bring her back with him.
	 
	 I forgot to mention, the lake they used was called, ___, and was completely drained when Shiro saw it. Neko Water Mizu Miracle 
	 
Along the way I have to:
     Inroduce Ren Leo somewhere along the way
	 Inroduce Shiro, Senkyo's new familiar
	 Inroduce Freda(Elf) somewhere at the middle or end of the vol
	 Get into trouble with the Konjou Clan by first discovering Yuu is a vampire
	 
Create Characters:
	 The Strongest Member of the Konjou Clan
	 The Best Doctor of the Konjou Clan
	 
Quotes saved for later:
     "We have to get the Konjou Clan's help. Our enemies are too strong. If we don't get stronger as fast as we can, 
	 we might not survive their next attack."
	 
	 "'The soul of the mountain shall bring forth our saviour. Freda, stay here, in the mountains.
	 Await the saviour's arrival and guide them. Please...' That was what my sister told me."
Noted Lines:
	 “Fine, Shiro, I order you to act like how you normally do and not let your freedom be restricted by dumb orders or magic, you got that?!”
	 “You’re not useless! You had my back since the first battle, didn’t you? You always had my back when we fought! You covered my blind spots while protecting Watanabe-san. You used your sharp senses to warn us of danger. You even created many chances for me to easily cut down enemies. I wouldn’t have even been able to move the way I did if it weren’t for you. Because the only reason I moved that way was because I knew you had my back. If you weren’t there, there’s no way I could’ve protected Watanabe-san and defeat all the enemies at the same time. You weren’t useless one bit! You were essential! We needed you! If anything, I was the one that was useless. I wasn’t even the one fighting! So stop beating yourself about it! But if you still insist on doing so, I’ll show you how useful you are! …Wait, that came out wrong. I mean how beneficial you were! Wait, that not quite right either… Ah! You were indispensable! Absolutely necessary! You’re a vital part of the group! I’ll show you… how amazing you really are!”
	 “It’s surprisingly simple. Close your eyes and focus. Imagine the world you want to be in and release some mana from your Spectral. It’s as simple as that.”
	 apparently Sora had the numbers of all of their classmates,
	 “Tsk tsk tsk… It’s precisely because I don’t have a body that I can find the things etched into my soul.”
	 There was once a boy whose father died from being trapped a burning building
	 Magic could be canceled, but that depends on which one has more magical power in it. If they have even power,
	 then the magic would just clash and disappear
	 If someone holds a spectral, the spiritual energy they can use will be reduced to only enough to enchant one 
	 item an hour or a trip to and back from the Spirit Realm. This is in effect for about 12 hours from the last 
	 time one held a spectral.