Touma
Well, I say that but in reality, it’s your choice if you want to be saved or not. We’ve set your path. If you truly want to be released from your suffering, you’ll make the right choice

Find yourself, then find what you want in life. What you really want

Despite your state, there are still people that are willing to stand by your side. Don’t lose them.     

But my compassion overwhelmed that anger, leaving me silent as I listen to his stories. Ultimately, both of us wore a façade ever since that day

I can feel it. Your soul is already wrapped in darkness.

If I did that, I would lose complete control of my mind and body, ultimately disappearing entirely.
“Then why don’t you do just that and rid yourself of your suffering?”

It wanted power and destruction

Meanwhile, I was still stuck on the stairs. That told me everything, the difference in our personality. How different we were as human beings. However, there was one thing we had in common, and that was our endless stream of tears as we mourned our parents’ death. 

“You don’t get it. I’m just tired. Tired of you, and this world. But I’m sure you already know that.”

“Road to darkness… I traveled that path for 5 years now. There’s no going back. It’s time to take my revenge.”


Sora
But for some reason that I don’t know, he escaped instead.

“Because I know you! There’s no way you’ll be taken over by some curse! You’re the strongest person I know! You should just come back to the clan! People will look at you wrongly after what you’ve done… but we can just say that your curse rampaged and you were able to win against it afterwards! You’ll be fine!”

“I know you better than anyone, Sora. I knew you would be the first to figure out the truth, as well as the last person to figure out why I decided to escape.”

“Go figure it out yourself. I came to school today to warn you. The clan will probably send units to hunt me down. Even if you’re one of those people, I won’t show you any mercy. I held back in the dungeons, but if any hunters attack me, I won’t hesitate to kill. You can relay this message to the clan, but… you’ll have no chance of defeating me.”

Then is this the curse’s influence? It has to be! Its personality merged with him that’s why he’s acting like this!

My emotions go rampant, and my anger takes over. The curse wasn’t completely gone. Touma-kun is doing his best fighting against it, but the curse was about to make him do something he didn’t like. The worst part is he doesn’t even realize that! They have a single soul, so it must be hard to tell apart from each other. I have to stop him!

“Hmph… Taking responsibility. I can see you took our advice. You did well.”

Why can’t he understand!? Why does he only think about rules and regulations!? Why isn’t he doing anything about Touma-kun? Yukou-kun saved Touma-kun so he could live his life the way he wants to! If he’s being influenced by the curse to do something, then this chance will be wasted!

Even though you called me to help, you continue to whine and refuse to communicate.

I didn’t know why he said such a thing. But I thought that if he was going to be blamed, I was going down that road with him.
