     Ghost. Is the lowest status and only have the base abilities to manifest their weapon, glimpsing and visiting the world they came from. Visiting is the power to create a distorted spiritual body that you can use to be seen in the world you died in. It is incomplete and is limited to an hour of manifestation. It is normally only used to gain spirit power. While manifesting, ghosts can only move around materials with their spirit power but are unable to make contact with physical objects. Meanwhile, glimpsing is the ability to see the exact location you are in from one world to another. This rank is the starting rank of all spirited souls and is only available to them.

     Eidolon. A status in which the spirited soul can reinforce their weapon and regenerate them if damaged. Otherwise, a ghost’s weapon will never regenerate its damage making it dangerous for them to enter battle.

     Revenant. It gives the spirited soul the ability to manifest its form in one of the living worlds. Unlike visiting, it fully manifests an identical copy of what they looked like when they were alive and has a great increase in its limitations ranging from 12 to 24 hours of manifestation. Aside from those, the spirited souls are still only able to manifest in the world they previously died in and are unable to make contact with physical objects.

     Spirit. The lowest status for true spirits and the status every single one is born with. To spirited souls, when they reach this status, their spirit power greatly increases along with their resolve and durability of their weapon. Additionally, they are able to use a skill true spirits use, spirit expansion. The ability to stretch their spiritual body using spirit power. Spirits can become bigger but they cannot shrink smaller than their original body size.

     Seer. Evolves the glimpse ability spirits have and enables the spirit to have the power to glimpse into all worlds. Whether they are in one world or the other, they will have the ability to see the surrounding area of the other two worlds in that specific location.

     Visitant. Grants the spirit the ability to manifest itself in all three worlds. Spirits of seer status or lower are only able to manifest their spiritual body in two worlds including the spirit realm. 

     Guardian. The spirit receives the ability to guard a living being. This status is defined by humans as a guardian angel. By becoming a living being’s guardian angel, the spirit will be forced to follow them around and guard them in exchange for spirit power. The spirit is free to stop being a guardian angel and release itself at any time.

     Sentinel. It blesses the spirit with the same effects as the previous Spirit status but on a greater scale. Furthermore, it is comprised of 4 stages. In each stage, the spirit is granted an additional core, much like receiving multiple lives, and is also granted more power. Resulting in the spirit obtaining 5 cores and incredible power after completely evolving from this status.

     Demigod. It grants the spirit the power to control a force of their specialty. Depending on the spirit’s previous achievements, its cores transform and enable the spirit to specialize in that force. An example of this is a to-be God of the sea can control water in some way.

     God. So far there are no known spirits that have successfully become a god. Resulting in a lack of information.
